this is the movieclips weekly five where
we give you five things you should be
excited about an entertainment this week
star trek into darkness finally opens
just a few days ago paramount decided to
push the release up a day which means
that instead of waiting until Friday to
see if JJ Abrams has lived up to the
hype you can call in sick on Thursday
and see it for yourself one whole day
early in indie film news Noah Baumbach's
new film Frances HA opens in limited
release hollenbach is the director of a
bunch of interesting and acclaimed indie
films like kicking and screaming the
squid the whale and most recently
greenberg starring ben stiller frances
ha stars greta gerwig as a young new
yorker pursuing her dreams sometimes
it's good to do what you're supposed to
do when you're supposed to do
the movie also stars Adam driver from
HBO's girls Owen Wilson was cast in paul
thomas anderson's upcoming film inherent
vice based on the novel by famous
reclusive author thomas pynchon wilson
joins pta veterans Joaquin Phoenix and
Kevin J O'Connor as well as the rumored
Benicio del Toro the trailer for Alfonso
Cuaron's new film gravity launched late
last week starring sandra bullock and
george clooney while specifics of the
plotter still mysterious we know that
involves two astronauts were left
drifting alone in space Quran was
directed et tu mama tambien harry potter
and the prisoner of azkaban as well as
children of men a staple of his work is
long unbroken takes and this film is
rumored to begin with a 17 minute
unbroken shot this will be the first
film heey shot in 3d Cloud Atlas comes
out on blu ray this week this privately
funded 100 million dollar epic only took
in 27 million dollars in domestic box
office but is definitely worth checking
out if for nothing else in the ambition
with which it was directed by the
Wachowskis and Tom takfir the Wachowskis
are currently in production on their
original sci-fi film Jupiter ascending
starring channing tatum and Mila Kunis
this is the movieclips weekly five
remember to subscribe and comment a
little let us know what you're excited
about this week for movie clips thanks
for watching
you